good morning friends from youtube I'm going to
teach three tricks that I found in kino
of the totem
well here I will teach you four
tricks that mc what is
the trick of the three weapons that is the most
easy to make one can have three or
all weapons that get one
but you need to have a grenade to
achieve this trick
of agreement as you will see I am going to buy
the Olympia
I have
the 9 millimeters of agreement look there
to move on and more at the same time
I have the grenade in my hand I throw it and
as you will see now I have three weapons I have
the m-14 the 9 millimeters and the clean
agreement already saw the trick of the three
weapons now I'm going to teach you the trick
so the zombies do not attack them
then they go here is the first
room and it's
1 2 3
4 and 5 go to the fifth and move
slowly to the right
to get it right the trick they have
the left post the right post
it has to be vibrating or like that one
I was working then the zombies
they will no longer be attacked
they will go down and you can
shoot here all the zombies will be
down here
I remember that this video is for the
wii console
and how will you see the glitch doing well
all the trick all the zombies will follow
down and you can hit them
okay now I'm going to teach you a
trick for dogs if they have
some problem are going to the doors of
here and they get as close as they can
here then the dogs will not attack them
but they will be created quietly in front of
your good and you can kill them without
problem some
As you can see, no dog comes because here
my friends 2
and come one look they stay still no
will attack you then you can
kill them without any problem
agree the next trick is in the
turret that is in the part of the
elevator yes then you run to
for chang
it's a pretty difficult trick
and you can upload here then no
zombie will attack them